writeup_template.md, before:

# **Finding Lane Lines on the Road** 

## Writeup Template

### You can use this file as a template for your writeup if you want to submit it as a markdown file. But feel free to use some other method and submit a pdf if you prefer.

---

**Finding Lane Lines on the Road**

The goals / steps of this project are the following:
* Make a pipeline that finds lane lines on the road
* Reflect on your work in a written report


[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: ./examples/grayscale.jpg "Grayscale"

---

### Reflection

### 1. Describe your pipeline. As part of the description, explain how you modified the draw_lines() function.

My pipeline consisted of 5 steps. First, I converted the images to grayscale, then I .... 

In order to draw a single line on the left and right lanes, I modified the draw_lines() function by ...

If you'd like to include images to show how the pipeline works, here is how to include an image: 

![alt text][image1]


### 2. Identify potential shortcomings with your current pipeline


One potential shortcoming would be what would happen when ... 

Another shortcoming could be ...


### 3. Suggest possible improvements to your pipeline

A possible improvement would be to ...

Another potential improvement could be to ...

Commit message:

Sample implementation of P1
The project was implemented in findLine.py, findLine2.py and moved to
P1.ipynb to conform with the standards required.
A full description is available in writeup_template.md.

writeup_template.md, after:

# **Finding Lane Lines on the Road** 

## Writeup Template

---

**Finding Lane Lines on the Road**

The goals / steps of this project are the following:
* Make a pipeline that finds lane lines on the road
* Reflect on your work in a written report


[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: ./examples/grayscale.jpg "Grayscale"

---

### Reflection

### 1. Pipeline.

I actually preferred to use a separate python script outside of the python notebook, and later I copied the script back
in the notebook.

The pipeline looks as follows:

0. Video is loaded
1. Grayscale
2. Blur
3. Find the edges with Canny
4. Setup a mask around the bottom part of the image
5. Find lines with HoughLines
6. Doing an average for the q and m parameters of all lines in order to reduce to 2 lines. Such average is weighted on
   the difference between the two y end points of the line to discard short and too horizontal lines. Also the final
   value is averaged with the latest 5 frames to soften the movement.
7. The lines are superimposed with the original image
8. Video is saved


### 2. Potential shortcomings

There could be an issue with turns as the lines would be way more horizontal and discarded by the weighted average

Another issue could arise from the car not being perfectly centered


### 3. Suggest possible improvements to your pipeline

The polygon for the mask should be dynamic and adapt based on the previous frame.

I'm sure the performances can be improved.
